I've been going out
a lot.
Patrolling?
Hunting.
GILES:
Previously on
Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
(yells)
BUFFY:
That's what Dracula called it,
and he was right.
He understood my power
better than I do.
He saw darkness in it.
I need to know more...
about
where I come from,
about the other Slayers.
I need you to be
my Watcher again.
Damn it!
You know what?
I'm sick of this crap.
I'm sick of being the guy
who eats insects
and gets
the funny syphilis.
As of this Moment,
it's over.
I'm finished being
everybody's butt-monkey.
What are you
doing here?
Buffy, if you're going out,
why don't you take your sister?
BOTH: Mom!
GILES:
There is nothing but you.
You are the center.
And within you,
there is the core
of your being...
of what you are.
Find it.
Breathe into it.
Focus inward.
Let the world fall away.
Fall away.
(gasps)
Can we go now?
DAWN:
Nobody knows who I am.
Not the real me.
It's like nobody cares
enough to find out.
I mean, does anyone
ever ask me what I want
to do with my life,
or what my opinion is
on stuff,
or what restaurant
to order in from?
No. Underline,
exclamation point.
Exclamation point,
No one understands.
No one has an older sister
who's a Slayer.
People wouldn't be
so crazy about her
if they had to live
in the same house with her
every single day.
Everybody cares
what she thinks
just 'cause she can do
back flips and stuff.
Like that's such
a crucial job skill
in the real world.
Plus, Mom lets her
get away with everything.
"Your sister's
saving the world."
I could so save the world
if somebody handed me
super powers,
but I'd think of a cool name
and wear a mask
to protect my loved ones,
which Buffy doesn't even.
If this town wasn't so lame,
everyone would completely
know what she does.
And then I bet they wouldn't
even be that impressed,
because, like,
killing things with wood?
Oh. Scary vampires.
They die from a splinter.
JOYCE:
So, Buffy,
what are your plans today?
Oh, actually,
Giles and I are gonna
go to the magic shop
for supplies for my new
and improved training sessions.
Oh, that's great.
Oh, yeah, I'm actually--
You can take Dawn shopping
for her back-to-school supplies.
(scoffs)
what?
Mom, I-I thought
you were taking me.
Well, honey, I've got
the Gurion showing tonight,
and there's so much to do
to get the gallery ready.
No, but, see, Mom,
that doesn't really
work for me.
We're just going
to the magic shop.
No school supplies there.
Yeah, Mom.
I'm not going to Hogwarts.
(chuckles)
Huh?
Geez.
Crack a book sometime.
Look, I'm sure Giles
doesn't mind
dropping you and your sister
off at the mall afterward.
Actually, he does mind.
This is supposed to be
quality Watcher/Slayer time.
I told you.
She completely ruined
my training yesterday.
Did not.
Oh, you know
you did, too.
(scoffs)
Buffy, I realize the importance
of your new Slayer thing...
(knock on door)
but I could really
use your help.
Morning, Ms. Summers.
You look great.
Oh, thank you, Riley.
Suck-up.
RILEY:
What? It's a nice outfit.
Mm-hmm.
Besides,
"I'm here to violate
your firstborn"
never goes over
with parents.
I'm not sure why.
Mmm.
DAWN:
Riley, my sister's boyfriend,
is so into her.
They're always kissing...
and groping.
I bet they've had sex.
Hey, kid.
I'm not a kid.
Well, this is a surprise
of the nicest kind.
Now it's my turn
to be surprised.
I thought we had plans today.
Plans?
We planned plans?
Well, you said, uh,
"Come over tomorrow,
and we'll hang."
And then I said,
"Okay."
Not the invasion of Normandy,
but still a plan.
Right.
We're not hanging today,
are we?
Giles is on his way
to pick me up.
Oh, Slayer training.
Slayer shopping, actually,
but equally as important.
I have no doubt.
Okay, well,
we'll hook up later.
Are you mad at me?
No, not at all.
I'm plotting your death,
but in a happy way.
Good.
Look, Buffy,
I know what
this means to you.
I think it's great
that you've got
this new mission.
I'll see you tonight.
Mmm.
Bye.
See ya, kid.
DAWN:
I'm not a kid!
(classical music over radio)
GILES:
I sympathize with you, Buffy.
I truly do.
But I'm certain
that Riley understands
better than anyone else
the importance
of training.
You can't allow
personal concerns
to distract you from--
Dawn, will you stop
fiddling with the radio
and sit down?
DAWN:
I don't think Buffy's Watcher
likes me too much.
I think it's 'cause
he's just so... old.
I'm not sure
how old he is,
but I heard him use the word
"newfangled" one time,
So he's got to be
pretty far gone.
There's a lot of books
on this list.
Any of them come on tape?
You know, read by George Clooney
or someone cute like that?
You're entering a new realm
here, Buffy,
One for which I myself
am not entirely prepared.
Are you ready
for this commitment?
I'm just kidding.
Hey, this Betty's ready.
Color me committed.
(engine revving)
Blast!
Put it in neutral again, huh?
I'm just not used to this
automatic transmission.
I-I loathe this just
sitting here, not contributing.
No, no, no.
It's not working out.
Giles, are you
breaking up with your car?
Well, it did seduce me,
all red and sporty.
Little two-door tramp.
I don't know.
I-I'm just--
I was so at a loose end
that I-I-I
found myself searching
for some way
of feeling more...
Shallow?
Perhaps, as I am to act
as your Watcher again,
a modicum of respect
might be in order.
Do I hafta?
I'm serious, Buffy.
There's gonna be far less time
for the sort
of flighty, frivolous--
Hey, there's
Willow and Tara.
Ooh. They haven't seen
my new car.
Hey, Giles, sharp wheels.
The rest of the car's
nice, too.
Handles like a dream.
Where are you guys heading?
Magic shop.
I have some charms
on back order.
Willow, hi.
Hey, Dawnie.
How's my favorite
chess partner?
Still leading with your knight?
DAWN:
Willow's
the awesomest person.
She's the only one I know
who likes school
as much as me.
Even her friends are cool...
Hey, Dawn.
DAWN:
like Tara.
She and Willow
are both witches.
They do spells and stuff,
which is so much cooler
than slaying.
I told Mom one time I wish
they'd teach me some of
the things they do together,
and then she got really quiet
and made me go upstairs.
Huh. I guess her generation
isn't cool with witchcraft.
So, Giles and I
worked out a whole
schedule around school.
A block of time every day
to just focus on
my new Slayer training.
That's a work ethic.
Buffy, you're developing
a work ethic.
Oh, no. Do they make
an ointment for that?
People gotta respect
a solid work ethic.
Look at you.
Motivated Buffy,
eager to soak up learning.
You and I are gonna have
so much fun this semester.
Yeah, that reminds me.
With the whole
new training schedule,
I kinda had
to drop a class.
That's understandable.
Your Slayer studies
are way more important.
So I won't be taking
drama with you.
What? You have to.
You promised.
I know, but Giles said
that it just was--
The hell with Giles.
I can hear you, Willow.
Drama is just Tuesday
and Thursday afternoons.
You can blow off training
Tuesday and Thursday
afternoons, can't you?
What happened to
"people gotta respect
a work ethic"?
Other people, not me.
There's a whole
"best friend loophole."
Shop's kinda dark.
Maybe it's closed.
GILES: That's odd.
Well, I think "odd"
just got upped to "bad."
Hello?
Anyone here?
Mr. Bogarty?
The owner.
I-I come in here a lot.
Well, maybe this happened
really late at night
when nobody was--
Wil?
I'm fine.
I just tripped over...
Mr. Bogarty.
What-- what is it?
Is he okay?
It's nothing you need to see.
Dawn, go wait outside.
I don't want
to wait outside!
Dawn!
Ow! That hurts!
You're hurting me.
I'm telling.
I don't have time for this.
Just do like I say and wait.
Here.
(sighs)
(door closes)
Whatcha doing?
What are you doing here?
Can't loiter.
There's no loitering.
(stammering)
That's why I'm a cat.
Quiet.
See, cat's in the cupboard,
but they find you there,
anyway.
And it hurts.
Please make it stop.
Shut up! Shut up!
They'll hear you!
Buff--
(muffled scream)
Shh!
I know you.
Curds and whey.
I know what you are.
You don't belong here.
Dawn?
Dawn, are you okay?
Is...
Is that guy
dead in there?
Yeah.
They're gonna be
a little while longer
doing the detective thing.
Best non-Scoobies
like you and me
stay out of their way.
Do you want
to thumb wrestle?
Okay.
BUFFY: Judging by
the bite-fest, I'd say
it was more than one vampire.
I'd make it four
at least.
Looks like someone's
put together a new fang club.
Well, I've cross-checked
the inventory list,
and things
are definitely missing.
Mostly books,
including A Treatise
On The Mythology
And Methodology
Of The Vampire Slayer.
Oh, shoot.
Was that the only copy?
Come on, Buffy.
This could be very serious.
Whoever's leading
this pack of vampires
appears to be interested
in learning more about you.
Perhaps searching for
weaknesses or--
Good Lord.
What?
Well, I had no idea
the profit margins
on a shop like this
were so high.
Look at this.
Low overhead,
out-of-state orders,
international wh--
It's no wonder
there was never any trouble
attracting new owners.
Place like this
is a virtual--
Deathtrap?
What? Well, yes,
there is that,
but, uh, still...
Location, you know,
pedestrian traffic.
So what's
the next step?
Buffy, you should begin
looking for their lair
straightaway.
I'll get Riley
to help me patrol.
Wait.
Aren't you
forgetting something?
Impressive square footage.
You're on Dawn duty.
Oh, doody.
Gotta drop
my sister back at home.
My mother's
gonna kill me.
I bet the death rate
keeps the rent down.
Oh, hello.
Something's been taken
from this case. Look here.
What'd they take?
I should think
an item of-of value
or-or power,
possibly even--
A unicorn.
Ten-inch ceramic unicorn
imported from Thailand.
BUFFY:
Was it valuable?
List price: 12.95.
Which begs the question,
what kind of
an unholy creature
fancies cheap,
tasteless statuary?
Okay, hi.
First of all,
I want to thank everybody
for a really successful raid
on the magic shop last night.
Good job, minions.
Yes, you deserve it.
Secondly,
somebody remembered
to pick me up
the sweetest
little unicorn.
(whispering)
what?
Brad. Guess someone
was feeling guilty
for standing me up
in the tenth grade.
I-I had to
get her something.
She sired me.
Sire-whipped.
Anyway, the books
you guys brought me
to help with the plan?
Well, I've been skimming
through the book jackets
all morning,
and let me tell you,
there's some pretty useful
stuff in there, so--
Yes, uh...
sorry. Forgot your name.
Cyrus.
Cyrus, right.
Peaches's friend.
What's your question?
Uh, when are we
gonna do it?
Ew. That's rude.
I barely know you.
(scoffs)
And you're a minion.
He means the plan.
When are we
gonna do the plan?
Oh!
The plan. Uh, well,
first let me tell you,
I'm really psyched about it,
and I hope the rest of you--
When?
Tonight!
We kill the Slayer...
tonight.
Yeah.
JOYCE: So not only
didn't you take your sister
shopping for school supplies,
you brought her
to a murder scene.
No, I didn't
bring her to it.
It just sort of came upon us.
It's not like
she saw the body
or anything.
Oh, well, that makes it
all right then,
doesn't it?
No, that is
not what I meant.
I asked one favor
of you, Buffy,
to look after your sister.
And now you want
to unload her,
so you and Riley can go out.
To patrol.
I'm working.
It's not like I want
to go to the Sock Hop.
I have to be at
the pre-show reception
in half an hour.
Who's gonna watch Dawn?
DAWN: I don't need
anyone to watch me!
BOTH: Yes, you do.
Wait. So what you're saying
is if I can get an
acceptable baby-sitter here
before you leave,
I can go patrol?
DAWN:
Baby-sitter? I'm 14!
I'm old enough to be
a baby-sitter.
And who are you gonna get
on such short notice?
DAWN: I can take care
of myself!
Xander.
Xander?
(footsteps approaching rapidly)
Okay.
(doorbell rings)
Dawn patrol.
Hey.
Check this out.
They put cheese on round bread.
It's gonna be big.
DAWN:
Xander is so much cuter
than anyone.
And smarter, too.
He totally skipped college and
got a job working construction,
which is so kind of deep,
you know?
He builds things,
and he's brave, too.
Just last week,
he went undercover to
stop that Dracula guy.
Have fun.
Not too much fun, though.
Dawn?
Dawn, be good.
XANDER:
Oh, we will.
We're just gonna
play with matches,
run with scissors,
take candy
from some guy.
I don't know his name.
DAWN:
Xander treats everyone
like an equal.
He doesn't
look down on people.
Hello there,
little girl.
Even when he should.
We are gonna have
fun, fun, fun.
Look, I've got Monopoly,
Clue, and, ooh,
the Game of Life.
That sounds good.
TARA:
Poor Dawn.
She was pretty shaken up.
Well, sure.
Bloody death and stuff.
She'll be okay.
It's just--
I think it's tough for her,
not being able to--
allowed to,
you know, help.
Help?
Out. You. You guys.
The Slayer circle.
Well, Buffy doesn't
really need--
and I think
Dawn's a little young.
I know.
You're right.
It's just hard,
that outsider feeling.
Tara,
you're not an outsider.
Well, yeah.
I kinda am.
No. No, you're not.
Willow, it's okay.
Where does this go?
Is somebody making you
feel uncomfortable?
Is it Xander?
It's Xander, isn't it?
Xander's a sweetie.
It's Giles!
It's 'cause he's British
and doesn't
understand about stuff.
It's no one.
You guys all just have
this really tight bond.
It's-- it's hard
to break into that,
and I'm not even sure I want to.
I'm sure.
You're completely
one of the gang now.
Everyone accepts that.
You're one
of the good guys.
Maybe I can talk
to the rest of the group,
and we can do something.
Some kind
of Scooby initiation.
Oh! Maybe we can
wear some kind
of special ring
that identifies us
as members.
I don't think so.
But maybe
something like that
would be nice for Dawn.
I do worry about her
sometimes.
You don't have to.
She's got big sister Buffy
happily looking out for her.
So then my Mom goes off on me
about how I'm supposed
to watch out for Dawn
and make sure that
she's shielded from stuff
that might upset her.
Like dead shopkeepers.
She didn't see him.
A foot, maybe.
A dead foot,
which is bad, okay.
But, hello?
I see dead stuff
all the time,
and you don't see Mom
shielding me.
So you want your mother
to give you space
to be a Slayer
and shield you from it
at the same time.
Thank you, logic boy.
Did I mention
this is a rant?
Sense really has
no place in it.
I'm getting that.
What's the deal, Buffy?
You seem really--
Oh. Trash can.
From a distance
it looked kinda--
tense.
No. I was gonna say
brown, squat, shadowy.
Uh-uh. Back to what I was
saying before we were
rudely attacked by nothing.
You seem really tense.
Yeah. There's a new
vampire gang in town.
I mean domestically tense.
You're on Dawn's case a lot.
I guess. It's just--
(sighs)
I don't know.
I know it's always
been this way.
She's the baby.
But for some reason lately,
it's just really
getting to me.
I mean,
she's always around.
Well, yeah.
You're like her idol,
Buffy.
Her idol?
I don't think so,
unless you like to spill
things on your idol's
new leather pants and--
You know what I mean.
You have super powers
and college,
a studly
yet sensitive boyfriend.
And a pesky
life-or-death job
that I can't quit
or even take a break from.
She doesn't get
the sacrifices.
She's a kid.
And that's what bugs!
She gets to be a kid,
and she acts
like it's the biggest
burden in the world.
Sometimes I would like
to just curl up
in Mom's lap
and not worry about
the fate of the world.
I'd like to be the one
who's protected,
who's waited on...
Hand and foot,
getting her own way,
always the favorite.
You nut.
Your Mom loves you
both equally,
but if I'm wrong,
I find money usually
helps tip the scale.
Slip Joyce a ten or a 20
once in a while. Then
we'll see who's the favorite.
DAWN:
He says I'm like a kid sister.
Here come the judge.
But sometimes
when he looks at me,
I feel like he sees me
as I am...
as a woman.
Crap. Look at this.
Now I'm burdened with
a husband and several
tiny pink children
and more cash than
I can reasonably manage.
That means
you're winning.
Really?
Yes.
Cash equals good.
Ooh!
I'm so pleased.
Can I trade in
the children for more cash?
(glass shatters)
(Dawn screams)
"Slayer, come out and die."
HARMONY:
I'm waiting for you, Buffy!
I know you're in there!
HARMONY:
What do you mean,
she's not in there?
She has to be.
I'm calling her out.
Then I bet
she'll be real sorry
she missed your call.
Afraid you and your buddies
are gonna have to come back
and be killed by Buffy later.
They're not my buddies.
They're my minions.
They're what now?
Minions!
You know, lackeys?
They work for me.
What's so funny?
Nothing.
What could be funny? Just,
"Look out! It's the terrifying
Harmony gang! Ooh!"
Stop laughing!
I just-- I-I just can't
picture anyone
pathetic enough
to be following--
Is that Brad Konnick?
Ha!
Hey, Brad, who'd have thought
when you were beating
up kids in gym class,
you'd end up
Harmony's lapdog?
Screw you, Harris.
(Harmony chuckles)
You should know all about
being somebody's lapdog.
I hear you were
a good little puppy
for Dracula.
You heard wrong.
Don't feel bad.
I hear that
mind control thing he does
works really well on weak,
'fraidy-cat losers.
You didn't stand a chance.
Shut up!
Dawn, I'm handling this.
Shut up, Harmony!
Make me.
Afraid I don't feel
like getting into another
hair-pulling contest with you.
You're the hair-puller,
you big girl.
Oh, yeah?
Come inside
and say that.
Xander will kick your--
Dawn, no!
(growls)
(Dawn screams)
(screams)
The invitation was for one.
(all growling)
Not such a pushover
anymore, am I?
Think a Slayer's house
would have more weapons
lying around.
I've been working out,
learning some new tricks,
Honing my...
instincts.
HARMONY:
This isn't over, Xander!
I'll be back!
And we'll be
ready for you.
Stakes, crosses,
the whole enchilada.
Buffy is not gonna
be happy about this.
Harmony...
Harmony has minions?
Yeah, that was
pretty much my reaction.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
(clears throat)
It's just...
Harmony has minions.
And Ruffles have ridges.
Uh, Buffy, there's actually
a more serious side
to all this.
I sure hope so,
'cause I'm having
trouble breathing.
(clears throat)
What is it?
Well, she did
come here to kill you.
Buffy, come on.
They have killed once
that we know of.
She could be
a threat to you.
Especially now that
she can enter your house
anytime she wants.
What?
Uh, yeah.
Actually, she--
Harmony kind of happened
to sort of get an invite.
You guys can't
invite her in.
I mean, only someone
who lives here can--
Where is she?
In her room.
Look, I think she's still
pretty freaked out.
Dawn!
Buff, it was an accident.
She didn't mean it.
Oh, well, that just
makes it okay then,
doesn't it?
No, but believe me.
Nobody feels worse
than her right now.
What a total disaster.
My first plan.
I so wanted it
to go well.
Plus, I didn't
even get to kill
stupid Xander Harris.
God, that was
so embarrassing.
We'll go back later.
No. It's no good.
Buffy's gonna
expect us now.
The whole surprise is blown.
(growling)
Who are you
growling at?
Not me. My stomach.
If I don't
eat somebody soon,
I'll get dizzy.
Let's go back to the lair.
That census taker
may not be empty yet.
Not me. This night is young,
and I want some action.
Happy to oblige.
Here I thought it was
gonna be a slow night.
Step on up, kiddies.
Thrashings for all.
Stop!
Well, hello, Harm.
Spikey.
I mean, Spike.
Long time.
You look good.
I feel good.
I remember.
How have you been?
Not bad.
Just got a brand-new
telly in my crib, so--
Why are you
talking to him?
It's okay.
We used to go steady.
(sighs)
Spike, Mort.
Mort, this is--
I know who he is.
He kills our kind.
Oh, yeah.
What's up
with that?
Bloke's gotta have
a hobby, don't he?
Piss off, Mort.
(growling)
Mort.
Just give us...
a couple minutes, okay?
He's really testy.
Some of us are thinking
of voting him out of the gang.
Gang?
Oh, yeah.
I've got
my own gang now.
Is that what those
circus freaks are?
Uh-huh.
I mean...
shut up.
We're gonna kill the Slayer.
Singing my song now,
are you?
You should pay me
royalties for that one,
or at least get your own tune.
I'm not gonna make
the same mistakes
you did.
I've been doing
my homework,
reading books and stuff.
What, Evil For Dummies?
I mean, look at you,
all puffed up and mighty,
thinking you're
the new Big Bad.
It's, uh...
well, let's face it.
It's adorable.
You just can't stand
the fact that
I'm my own person now.
There comes a time
in every woman's life
when she realizes
she needs to take
the next step.
I've taken it.
I've found the real me,
and I like her.
Hope you'll be
very happy together.
In the meantime,
save Slayer slaying
for the professionals.
(sighs)
You'll see.
Buffy'll be dead
by sunrise.
I've got a plan.
Let me guess.
Snatch one of her friends,
use him as bait,
lead her into a trap.
That sort of thing?
No.
Much, much better one.
I'm not gonna tell you.
Thought as much.
Best of luck.
Let me know how
this arch villain thing
works out for you.
I'll do that.
And after Buffy is gone,
I'm gonna kill everybody
in this town that was
ever mean to me... Spike!
Guys, new plan.
That's a lot of weapons for
somebody you weren't sweating
20 minutes ago.
Well, that was before
Dawn gave Harmony
a backstage pass
to kill us all
in our sleep.
Buff, I left word with Willow.
She'll come do
a return engagement
of her un-invitation spell.
She probably still has
the stuff from last week.
And bang, boom,
you're back in
a fortress of solitude.
All better.
No. Not all better.
I mean, it's not like Dawn
hasn't grown up in this house
knowing all the rules.
Especially the biggie,
numero one-oh--
"Do not invite
bloodsucking dead people
into our home."
I mean, please.
I would never
have Harmony over
even when she was alive.
People slip, Buffy.
Your Mom did.
She invited in
the mast--
Dracula in for coffee.
Well, that was different.
I mean, she--
He would--
She was lonely,
and-and--
and she didn't know
he was a vampire.
The vampire.
Meanwhile, Dawn knew
exactly what Harmony was
when she rolled out
the welcome mat for her.
RILEY:
She's just a kid.
You know, will everybody
please stop saying that?
I was just a kid when
I met my first vampire,
but somehow
I still managed
to remember the rules.
You had to.
It was your job.
No. No,
it was common sense.
But nobody expects
even that much
from Dawn, do they?
No, she has to be
protected and coddled
from the big bad world.
Well, you know what?
We are doing nothing
but turning her into
a little idiot who is
going to get us all killed.
She just has
to be more careful.
I can't be there
to protect her
24 hours a day.
I-I just can't.
Hey, don't!
Dawn!
What do you think
you're doing?
Leave me alone.
I will, after you
come back inside the house.
Let go of me!
No. It's not safe out here.
(gasps)
You got that right.
(screams)
(screaming continues)
Anya!
Vampires took...
This head wound looks bad.
We'd better get her
to a hospital.
They took her.
Easy, An. Shh.
ANYA: Dawn.
Dawn?
What about Dawn?
She ran out.
They took her.
Vampires.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
Uh, take care of Anya.
Buffy!
All right. Once again,
nice work, minionators.
I'm really, really proud
of you guys.
Ah, Mort.
I trust you made
our guest... comfortable?
You told me
to chain her to a wall.
Yeah, I know.
I'm being, you know,
sarcastic or whatever?
Anyway,
I'm feeling really good
about this new plan, people.
I think it's a winner.
When do we eat the girl?
We don't.
Not yet.
Why not?
Because that's not the plan.
(sighs)
Do I have to go
over the plan again?
We use the sister
as bait.
We send Buffy a note.
More notes?
We send Buffy a note
telling her that
if she wants to see
her sister again,
she has to come alone
to a place we choose.
She comes. We jump her.
We kill her.
So it doesn't really matter
if we're actually holding
the Slayer's sister.
Just as long as
she thinks we are,
she'll walk into the trap.
I guess.
So it won't make
any difference
if we eat the girl now.
We're not
eating the girl.
Why not?
'Cause that's not
the plan.
Bollocks.
Gonna have to pinch me one
of those satellite dishes.
(door crashes open)
Well, speaking of dishes,
to what do I owe
this unpleasant--
Ow! Bloody hell!
I don't have time
for banter, Spike.
Where's Harmony's lair?
Haven't seen her
in months.
How should I know-- ow!
Where is she?
At least
lay off the nose.
Okay, okay!
Used to have a cave
in the north woods.
About 40 meters
past the overpass
construction site.
Ow!
I was telling you
the truth!
I know.
(sighs)
They don't respect me.
They pretend they do,
but deep down
they think I'm nothing.
I mean, I'm the one
who put this group together.
Me, but they treat me
like I don't even matter.
Do you have any idea
what that feels like?
A little.
They have no idea
how much pressure I'm under.
I have to make
all the hard decisions,
and it's hard.
(gasps)
Excuse me.
I didn't hear anybody knock.
We've been talking it over,
and we decided
we don't like this plan.
Except for Brad.
He abstained.
Oh, really?
You have a plan
you like better?
We're gonna feed on the girl
and kill you.
Maybe not in that order.
I don't think I like
your attitude, Mort.
Kill him for me.
All right.
You're all on my list.
Th-this isn't fair.
Okay, so things
haven't been perfect.
I just need a little
more time to grow
into my leadership role.
Time's up.
(whimpering)
T-touch me,
and my sister's
gonna kill you.
(all laughing)
Can't say
she didn't warn him.
And you didn't like the plan.
Dawn, close your eyes.
So, Slayer,
at last we meet.
We've met, Harmony,
you half-wit.
I'm the half-wit?
Um, excuse me,
but look who's
fallen into my--
(yells)
Trap.
Harmony, when you tried
to be head cheerleader,
you were bad.
When you tried chair of
the homecoming committee,
you were really bad.
But when you try
to be bad, you suck.
Buffy, watch out!
Oh, good shot, Mort.
I think you
got her on the--
Um--
(nervous chuckle)
(groaning)
(panting)
You are going to be
in so much trouble
when we get home!
Yeah, well,
I'm telling Mom
you slayed in front of me.
Fine. I'll just tell her
that you ran out of the house
in the middle of the night,
that you got Anya hurt,
invited a vampire in,
got kidnapped.
Sorry it ran so late.
Everything go okay?
Yeah, yeah.
You know.
I got the vamps,
and we watched some TV.
Well, I know
at least one of us
who's supposed to be
in bed by now.
Good night.
So, how was the exhibit?
Oh, it was fantastic.
DAWN:
Buffy probably would have
gotten in way more trouble
than me, anyway.
But I guess it was
pretty okay of her
not to say
anything to Mom.
Anya's gonna be okay,
and Xander wasn't mad at me,
so stuff mostly
worked out.
BUFFY: Giles,
are you sure about this?
Why wouldn't I be?
Well, aside from
the fact that
most magic shop owners
in Sunnydale have
the life expectancy
of a Spinal Tap drummer,
and have you ever run
a store before?
I was a librarian for years.
This is exactly the same,
except people
pay for the things
they never return.
It'll give me focus,
help increase my resources,
and it'll prevent you lot
from trampling all over
my flat at all hours.
There may even be
some space for you
to train in the back.
Boy, you've really
thought this through.
How bored were you
last year?
I watched Passions
with Spike.
Let us never speak of it.
(Buffy laughing)
Don't break anything.
Just don't touch anything.
DAWN:
Not that Buffy's
really changed at all.
Like she ever would.
What you're doing right now,
not moving?
Good. Keep doing that.
She still thinks
I'm a little miss nobody,
just her dumb
little sister.
Boy, is she in
for a surprise.